feature robot window (#4085)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/guide/controller-plugin.md

1. They rely on HTML layout and JavaScript programming.
2. They communicate directly with the robot controller using two JavaScript functions: `webots.window("<robot window name>").receive` and `webots.window("<robot window name>").send`.
The equivalent controller functions are `wb_robot_wwi_receive_text` and `wb_robot_wwi_send_text`.
3. They will be display on your system default web browser. Check the [preferences](preferences.md#web-services) to set particular web browser.

A simple example of an HTML robot window is given in [`projects/samples/howto/custom_robot_window_simple`](samples-howto.md#custom_robot_window_simple-wbt) and it demonstrates how to establish a two-way communication between a robot window and Python controller.
To create a similar robot window for your project follow these steps:
1. In your project's root create a file in the following path `plugins/robot_windows/<robot window name>/<robot window name>.html`.
2. The file is a typical HTML document that can contain JavaScript and CSS.

> However, in addition to the standard JavaScript library, a `RobotWindow` object is injected that exposes an interface to allow communication with a robot controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, in addition to the standard JavaScript library, a `RobotWindow` object is injected that exposes an interface to communicate with a robot controller.
```

Therefore, you can check usage examples of `RobotWindow.window().receive` and `RobotWindow.window().send` in [`projects/samples/howto/custom_robot_window_simple/plugins/robot_windows/custom_robot_window_simple/custom_robot_window_simple.html`]({{ url.github_tree }}/projects/samples/howto/custom_robot_window_simple/plugins/robot_windows/custom_robot_window_simple/custom_robot_window_simple.html).
3. The robot window needs to be registered in the robot's node.
Find your robot in the scene tree, select a `window` field, click select and choose `<robot window name>`.

> If you double click on the robot, your `<robot window name>` will open on your default web browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you double click on the robot, your `<robot window name>` will open in your web browser.
```
